This is the information on the homepage prior to Beta 2.5

*May 25 2008 ([http://assql.googlecode.com/files/asSQL-Beta2.4.swc Beta 2.4])*

 * Issue #15 Resolved, Field type flag read correctly.
 * Issue #16 Resolved, rs.getRows(), casts column values to the correct types.
 * Issue #17 Resolved, Statement uses IResponder, and MySqlService implements IResponder
 * Issue #18 Resolved, You can now set the responder property of MySqlService
 * Issue #19 Resolved, MySqlService now implements IMXMLSupport and IMXMLObject.
 * Issue #20 Resolved, MySqlService has a pure actionscript and mxml version.
 * Issue #21 Resolved, Using com.maclema.mysql.mxml.MySqlService, you can set showBusyCursor

Thanks to everyone for all emails and the great input!

----

*May 22 2008 ([http://assql.googlecode.com/files/asSQL-Beta2.3.swc Beta 2.3])*

 * Issue #14 Resolved, readLengthCodedBinary returns the correct length for 24bit ints. This should resolve a lot of issues with null pointer exceptions when querying large rows and/or BLOB fields.
 * Issue #1 Resolved, MySqlService class implemented, see below for example
 * Updated the Documentation
 * Misc. Minor Bug Fixes

*MySqlServiceExmaple (See Wiki Page For Syntax Coloring)
{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<mx:WindowedApplication xmlns:mx="http://www.adobe.com/2006/mxml" layout="absolute" xmlns:assql="com.maclema.mysql.*">
	<mx:Script>
		<![CDATA[
			import com.maclema.util.ResultsUtil;
			
			private function handleConnected(e:Event):void {
				sqlService.send("SELECT * FROM users");
			}
		]]>
	</mx:Script>
	
	<assql:MySqlService 
			id="sqlService" 
			hostname="localhost" 
			username="root" 
			password="" 
			database="assql-test" 
			autoConnect="true"
			connect="handleConnected(event)" />
	
	<mx:DataGrid id="grid" left="10" right="10" top="10" bottom="10"
		dataProvider="{sqlService.lastResult}" 
		columns="{ResultsUtil.getDataGridColumns(sqlService.lastResultSet)}">
	</mx:DataGrid>
	
</mx:WindowedApplication>

}}}

----
*May 15 2008 (Beta 2.2)*

 * Issue #9 Resolved, Concurrently called queries are pooled and execute in order.
 * Issue #11 Resolved, Statement parameters work correctly now
 * Issue #13 Resolved, Premature disconnect calls throw and error now.
 * Added logging, you can set Logger.level = Logger.FATAL | ERROR | DEBUG | INFO | ALL to see detailed logging.

----

*May 12 2008 (Beta 2.1)*

Uploaded a new library, it contains a bunch of changes.

 * BinaryQuery (Issue #7) issue has been resolved.

 * The Statement class allows you to use Responders (Issue 10)
 * You can now use parameters in statements.
 * Fixed an issue with ResultSet throwing an error with NULL column values. (Issue #8)

Added some [http://code.google.com/p/assql/wiki/Performance performance benchmarks].

Added a working [http://www.maclema.com/assql-srcview/12-MAY-2008 "Source View"] to the links section to the right. (If anyone know how to export srcview for a Library Project please let me know.)

----
 
*Mar 18 2008 (Beta 2)*

I have added new downloads, these contain many bug fixes. I also compiled for Flex 3.0.0 and Flex 2.0.1.

I do not have a source view for the new code yet. Adobe forgot to add "Publish Source" for library projects in Flex Builder. So if you want to see the source, download the [http://assql.googlecode.com/files/assql_FlexProject.zip Flex Project].

----